Update readme and docs for support versions (#497)
IntelPython/daal4py: doc/index.rst

Getting daal4py
---------------
daal4py is available at the `Python Package Index <https://pypi.org/project/daal4py/>`_,
on Anaconda Cloud in `Conda Forge channel <https://anaconda.org/conda-forge/daal4py>`_
and in `Intel channel <https://anaconda.org/intel/daal4py>`_.

> Sources and build instructions are available at
> https://github.com/IntelPython/daal4py.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sources and build instructions are available in
`daal4py repository <https://github.com/IntelPython/daal4py>`_.
```

- Install from PyPI::

     pip install daal4py

- Install from Anaconda Cloud - Conda-Forge channel::

     сonda install daal4py -c conda-forge

- Install from Anaconda Cloud - Intel channel::

    conda install daal4py -c intel

Package limitations
-------------------

**PyPi channel**

.. list-table::
   :widths: 25 8 8 8 8
   :header-rows: 1
   :align: left

   * - OS / Python version
     - Python 36
     - Python 37
     - Python 38

>      - Python 39

Reviewer: same Q about python version as in readme

   * - Linux
     - ✔️
     - ✔️
     - ✔️
     - ✔️
   * - Windows
     - ✔️
     - ✔️
     - ✔️
     - ✔️
   * - OsX
     - ✔️
     - ✔️
     - ✔️
     - ❌

.. note::

>     PyPi channel contains of the latest release - *daal4py 2021.1*.

Reviewer: please apply my comments from readme here as well

Getting daal4py
---------------
daal4py is available at the `Python Package Index <https://pypi.org/project/daal4py/>`_,
on Anaconda Cloud in `Conda Forge channel <https://anaconda.org/conda-forge/daal4py>`_
and in `Intel channel <https://anaconda.org/intel/daal4py>`_.
Sources and build instructions are available in
`daal4py repository <https://github.com/IntelPython/daal4py>`_.

- Install from PyPI::

     pip install daal4py

> - Install from Anaconda Cloud - Conda-Forge channel::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Install from Anaconda Cloud: Conda-Forge channel::
```

     сonda install daal4py -c conda-forge

> - Install from Anaconda Cloud - Intel channel::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Install from Anaconda Cloud: Intel channel::
```

    conda install daal4py -c intel

> We recommend **PyPi** first of all for use. If you using of Intel python,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend to use **PyPi**. If you are using Intel® Distribution for Python,
```

> we recommend using **Anaconda Cloud : Intel channel**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
we recommend using **Anaconda Cloud: Intel channel**.
```

> For other case - **Anaconda Cloud : conda-forge channel**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In other cases, use **Anaconda Cloud  conda-forge channel**.
```

but I'd also say this sentence is not necessary.

     - Python 3.6
     - Python 3.7
     - Python 3.8
     - Python 3.9
   * - Linux
     - ✔️
     - ✔️
     - ✔️
     - ✔️
   * - Windows
     - ✔️
     - ✔️
     - ✔️
     - ✔️
   * - OsX
     - ✔️
     - ✔️
     - ✔️
     - ❌

.. note::
    It supports Intel CPU and GPU except on OsX.

**Anaconda Cloud: Conda-Forge channel**

.. list-table::
   :widths: 25 8 8 8 8
   :header-rows: 1
   :align: left

   * - OS / Python version
     - Python 3.6
     - Python 3.7
     - Python 3.8
     - Python 3.9
   * - Linux
     - ✔️
     - ✔️
     - ✔️
     - ✔️
   * - Windows
     - ✔️
     - ✔️
     - ✔️
     - ✔️
   * - OsX
     - ❌
     - ❌
     - ❌
     - ❌

.. note::
    It supports Intel CPU and GPU except on OsX.
    Recommended for conda users by default.

**Anaconda Cloud: Intel channel**

.. list-table::
   :widths: 25 8 8 8 8
   :header-rows: 1
   :align: left

   * - OS / Python version
     - Python 3.6
     - Python 3.7
     - Python 3.8
     - Python 3.9
   * - Linux
     - ❌
     - ✔️
     - ❌
     - ❌
   * - Windows
     - ❌
     - ✔️
     - ❌
     - ❌
   * - OsX
     - ❌
     - ✔️
     - ❌
     - ❌

.. note::
    It supports Intel CPU and GPU except on OsX.

>     Recommended for conda users who use other components from Intel Distribution for Python.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Recommended for conda users who use other components from Intel(R) Distribution for Python.
```
